I'm out here putting critter
cams on whale sharks and hope to
better understand their behavior
along the reef we spot a shark
it was coming up to the boat and
actually very curious
I didn't really realize where
the shark was soon as I jump in
the water and jumping right in
front of the thing I just see it
the shark with its mouth open
I can't get out of the way
and so it precedes just to run
me over and go on its merry way
i'm working with Brad Norman
he's a whale shark expert who's
been studying the species for
many years
he really has it down on how to
get these cameras on the Sharks
the method we used to attach the
critter cam to the whale shark
it doesn't hurt the shark it
doesn't put anything through the
shark unlike other attachment
method that actually will stab
or poke through the front of the
shark
so at the end of the mission
the camera will release from the
dorsal fin of a shark and float
to the surface and then it will
send out a signal and then we'll
go pick up the camera in the
boat
the coolest part was was getting
to be so up close and personal
with such a large ocean animal
it really is a surreal
experience
so we're dropping this camera
down to take a closer look at
the rain came to kill one of the
girls